# testbot
Submit a patch for testing against Drupal core test suite.

**Advantages**

While iterating on a code change, make a command line request to run Drupal core tests with your local changes. This avoids you dealing with:

- insufficient local machine resources or configuration to run tests efficiently
- inconsistent results compared to qa.d.o
- disruption of your 'creative coding moments’ due to the patch submission workflow
- long test runtime on qa.d.o

Tests will be run on the ReviewDriven.com platform.

**Installation**

Place the command file anywhere that drush allows. Copy the .testbot file to the repository root directory (i.e. the same directory that contains the .git directory).

**Execution**

Open a command shell (Linux and Mac at least) and type 'drush testbot'.

**Command Syntax**

The command accepts six optional parameters. In Drush fashion, each is specified as '--name=value' on the command line. The parameter names are:

- branch
- issue
- php-version
- database
- patch
- properties

Individual parameters (among the first five above) have precedence over corresponding values in the properties parameter.

The 'properties' parameter is a JSON string consisting of 'name:value' pairs. It may include any of the above parameters as well as a 'classes' parameter. In lieu of setting properties on the command line, add them to a '.testbot' file in the repository root directory (i.e. the same directory that contains the .git directory).

The recognized property names and their default values are:

| Name | Default |
| ---- | ------- |
| branch | 8.0.x |
| issue | Extracted from git branch name like [issue-number]-[issue-description] (see [issue](https://www.drupal.org/node/707484)). If the branch name does not follow this convention, then add this property to the command. |
| patch | Generated by running 'git diff' in the current directory. Patch is uploaded to 'https://paste.kde.org' and the URL returned in the command output. |
| php-version | 5.3 with Drupal 7, 5.4 with Drupal 8<br> Allowed values are: <ul><li>5.3 (Drupal 7 only)<li>5.4, 5.5, 5.6 |
| database |  mysql-5.5<br> A database-version string with allowed values of: <ul><li>mariadb-5.5 or 10.0<li>mongodb-2.6 (only with Drupal 8)<li>mysql-5.5<li>pgsql-8.3, 9.1, or 9.3<li>sqlite-x.y |
| classes | none (implies run all tests)<br>If present, an array of test classes like: <ul><li>NumberFieldTestCase (Drupal 7) <li>Drupal\\comment\\Tests\\Views\\CommentFieldFilterTest (Drupal 8) |
